[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to scour the barren wastes
that occupy idle men's minds with the
2019 tale the lighthouse let's get on
with it
[Music]
we opened on two men aboard a schooner
zipping toward a beacon on the shore
they've arrived as keepers of the light
contracted to a four week stint employed
in its maintenance and left to the
solitude of their own company which is
occasionally poach waited by the Drule
moaning of the beacon upon settling
Winslow the keeper finds his bedroll
fecund with a sort of greasy decrepit
hair and a curious talisman of the sea
later at dinner Thomas the wiki and
commander warns Winslow against leaving
a toast unfinished
however touched with the sickness of ill
spirit that accompanies some men to
drink he attempts a substitute who finds
the cistern rotten they squabble over
regulations and duties wherein Thomas
claims the light as his sole domain
while Winslow is deafened in the boiler
room acclimating himself to his
responsibilities Thomas ascends upon the
backs of angels and gazes into the a
pleasant face of his new god at dinner
we learned that Thomas's prior keepers
succumbed to madness and chanted by the
light and foretold by omens of despair
Winslow finding a want of superstition
is curtly cuffed and warned from
shirking caution by disturbing birds of
the sea thought to carry the spirits of
wayward sailors and later after a pecker
appears Winslow makes a withdrawal and
then wonders aloud of the wiki's
attraction to the light to distract from
discussing his aptitudes towards
swabbing and other jobs a cycle that
continues incessantly a fortnight
through their shift we learned that
whistle has high hopes of earning old
wiki's wages to save up and settle
somewhere
but Thomas seems to recognize the
tell-tale signs of a man with something
to hide as this treachery wears on
Winslow gets more and more Restless
about his curiosities as regards the
light he approaches timidly but upon
reaching the gated platform finds the
door locked and only narrowly avoids an
errant insemination the next morning he
discovers the wells gone black and upon
examination ascertains its defilement
the result of a lost soul indignant at
the idea that his fate may be wrenched
from his grasp he immediately endeavours
to employ his worst insult throwing
caution to the wind and eliciting the
rumblings of a severe nor'easter a storm
of this ilk is dangerous for their small
treeless
so they commenced a batten down before
celebrating Winslow's scheduled
retrieval the next morning they then
feast upon Dagon his children enjoy a
snifter of ramen a warm affection Thomas
encourages him on his journey confirming
he'll be working the lamp in no time
Winslow in a flight of fancy and eager
anticipation still wonders about having
his way with the goddess of the rock
resulting in momentary apprehensions
from Thomas wholly unwilling to divorce
himself from the truest wife he's ever
had the next morning he awakes with his
trousers about his knees and nary an
empty chamber pot to be found his
attempt to rectify the situation is
confounded by an omen from the sea he
goes about his work and happens upon a
maiden betwixt the rocks and weeds whose
revealed to be a daughter of Poseidon
Winslow runs off but finds himself
bereft of the courage to reify his
experience in Thomas's presence and
silently awaits supporter instead when
it fails to arrive they prepare to
weather the storm
but Thomas discovers the damps gotten to
the provisions and the foodstuffs taken
to rock Winslow finds himself untroubled
by the news until Thomas reveals that
choppy waters have previously straighted
keepers on the godforsaken island for
months at a time and then Thomas
immediately takes to retrieving the
emergency provisions they drink to
excess and take it to expressing the
black thoughts that crowd his soul
exacerbated by his miserable station
Winslow incurs a curse insurmountable in
altitude and unsurpassable and Brattain
and he willingly submits under the force
of his tongue as would a lowly cur with
no choice but to continue on they
commenced to undertake their respective
duties and fill their freetime with
various Ledger's of masculinity such as
erotic sculpture ejaculations drinking
line dancing tender caresses and fist
fighting too long alone now with his
thoughts and drink Winslow reveals his
true nature recounting an incident on
the logging trail in which he observed a
worker Ephraim Winslow fall and be
swallowed by the logs on the river he
presently identified to be Thomas Howard
assumed the identity of whiz Lowe and
moved along in the shadow of this
revelation he finds himself confronting
himself and his new master of light
Winslow is unable to escape the rock and
unsure of his reality now unmoored and
desiring to faint nothing they conspire
to intoxicate themselves with the
kerosene as the storm wreaks havoc on
their quarters as Winslow begs again to
be let into the lantern Thomas initiates
another row now completely untethered
Winslow ignores signs of the curse
previously brought to bear
becomes the new master leading his dog
to its resting place he becomes
distracted from his burden by the lure
of the keys and has only brought back to
his dark task at the insistence of
Thomas which ends his days wandering
this realm
Winslow then ascends the stairs finding
the light opens willingly to him and he
part takes in its glory but well beyond
his tolerance resulting in a violent
descent to the rocky beach where he's
pecked clawed and fed upon only to be
lapped up and swallowed by the infinite
waters of the dread emperor himself and
that was the lighthouse a charming tale
of lust and madness written from the
dark recesses of The Devil's bowels trod
upon and torn asunder by its miserable
[ __ ] mother then devoured and defecated
upon the page Moomin if you enjoy the
video I'd love for diploma part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching